Big Poppa Pump Scott Steiner one way to
kick off impact he's asked for the
microphone oh I can't wait to hear what
Big Poppa Pump has to say you see about
a month ago Christian Cage gave me a
call you want to know if I do want to be
Kurt Angle and how sweet it is when a
plan comes together
I just didn't think it would be so easy
no why well I'll tell you why today
going on at all whole worldwide scene
August I was we go shooting my contract
and everything got put on hold because
Tina had to sign a big superstar and
actors had to be you Kurt and y'all and
we're dead leave me high and dry not a
penny left she could anger what makes
you think you're so special you haven't
done anything that I have only done Pig
very big John Cena I peel Batista I be
care how many times Triple H had a suit
with the boss's daughter
I feel wow the laundry list right there
you're not any better than me but I know
I'm burning you because your wife keeps
on calling me uh-uh
see she wants to know what it's like to
be with a real man she wants
satisfaction from a genetic freak good
angle tell you stop calling how much a
biscuit Kurt Angle
you know that the Olympic gold medalist
is a brown man gone west the word from
big papa butch outsider Jeff went way
truth
laughter what happened
how many times he in his head in his
class only to get screwed out of the
felt
I thought Christian Cage have about
fifty five times during one o'clock I
don't know you very well but I know that
you have a reputation for being one of
the most self-centered egomaniac sons of
in the business I thought he said he
didn't know it you think I came here for
the money I'll tell you what Steiner I
gladly kick you free I'd like to see
that I came to this company to do
something big to help build this company
you go head-to-head with my former
employer in the years to come I came to
this company
for the company this locker room doesn't
need any egomaniac like you man that's
coming from the heart
screw you screw the company you've got
what I want
I'll tell you what Steiner you're gonna
talk or do you want to do something
about it we put the challenge right out
there I vote that they do something
about it we get hard oh it's on what an
exchange angle go behind German suplex
Big Poppa Pump and he get him with ease
and you know he's been thinking about
doing it you know he's got better in the
ankle off and away and here comes the
world champion Krista gage building hand
and he goes right into a belly-to-belly
overhead release soup liquid put that
ankle lock on it quick this is just like
what happened send me here cut Punk oh
and look at this Kurt Angle over here
and he gives him a German suplex
whatever another he takes him down and
then we've got tough for the eggs look
but he doesn't see Schneider blindsiding
you can't turn your back on big bum bum
bum Scott Schneider and now you talk
about a numbers game
this three-on-one falling
look at Kristen gage confluence tire
Vail I mean they can see that the
members game on the SEC runs it to their
advantage and if they took off like a
bat out of you know like the locker room
just empty they're showing their support
for the Olympic gold medalist Kurt Angle
well they still have to get the loss
they know the young on